c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\obj\Debug\WebApiTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\WebApiTest.dll.config
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\WebApiTest.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\WebApiTest.pdb
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\obj\Debug\WebApiTest.dll
c:\users\usu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\obj\Debug\WebApiTest.pdb
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.pdb
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Extensions.ContextPreservation.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Extensions.NamedScope.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.OwinHost.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.OwinHost.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Extensions.ContextPreservation.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Extensions.NamedScope.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.OwinHost.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.OwinHost.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\usu\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApiTest\WebApiTest\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
